Project Scope:
Making database for all CFF staff to use to track and monitor 'students'
across all eight location.

Query: A query is an inquiry into the database using the SELECT statement.

Five high level queries are required
1. Students that have not been engages in the last week
2. Students that are near the end of their course duration
3. How many times have students attended their course
4. Bookings for a day/time/session
5. Students that have not attended past the last withdrawl date
-> This means when we use SELECT 'sth' FROM 'database name', we have to get
those five which are the attributes that must be in for this assignment.

Deduct marks for:
1. Attributes in wrong table.
2. Incorrect PKs
3. Incorrect FKs
4. Incorrect cardinalities
5. Incorrect Entitles
6. Relationships not shown
7. Not enough entities. e.g fewer than 10

Question to ask Peter via email.
1. based on this projct's scope, we are expecting to load data from external systems in CSV or other compatible formats and we have external CSV as an example. Are you expecting to add more attributes ? or at this point, we only use whats on there ?
-> At this point, we only use CSV file, which means every datas from given excel file shows all the attributes we need to use.

Missing attributes.
1. No of Attended - Student ? potentially
-> From forum, Student attributes only have ID and name, so somewhere else
or create entity
2. Weeks left - Student ? Course ?
3. Attended past last withdrawal date ? -> where to ?
4. Notes - thinking either Student or Staff
5. Completed - where to ?

potential attributes from excel file.
**** Make sure to put the attributes into right entity
1. ID Number - Used for Student entity, Branch, Programme, Course and Staff
2. First name - Used for Student, Staff entity
3. Last Name - Used for student, Staff entity
4. Course - Used for Course entity
5. PROG (course code) - Used for Program entity
6. Start date - Used for Course entity
7. End date - Used for Course entity
8. Number of days attended (Number of sessions attended) - Used in Attandance entity
9. number of days (Number of sessions in course) - Used in Course entity
10. Withdrawal point - Used in course entity
11. Last Withdrawal date - Used in course entity
12. Attended past last witdrawal date ? - either Student or Courses entity
----------- Attributes that arent sure.
13. Date Last Attended - Should be in attendance ?
-> can ask Amit
14. Last Active Moodle - think it's supposed to be in students
-> ask Amit
15. Future Bookings -
16. Weeks Left - Used in Courses entity
17. completed -
18. Notes -

We have been shown the possibility of using RFID tags to allow students to
"attend"

First Entity
Course
Will have attributes of
1. Primary Key, courseID

Second Enity
Branch
will have attributes of
1. Primary key, branchID

Third Entity
Student
will have attributes of
1. Primary key, student ID
2. number of attandance. in days/weeks
3. has attended their final class (true or false)
4(not sur). percentage of attandance.

Fourth Entity.
Staff
will have attributes of
1. primary key, Staff ID

Assumptions / Business Rules

1. Students should be attending a minimum of two sessions per week but they
can attend as often as they can
-> Stuents -> sessions 2 or more per week

2. Students cannot attend more than the allocated number of classes - unless
by arrangement with the Team Leader.
Provision needs to be made for Team Leaders to over-ride the maximum number of
allocated sessions.

3. Students need to complete their course within the allocated number of Weeks
-unless by arrangement with the Team Leaders
Same condition with 2, provision required.

4. Students can attend more than one branch
-> so its not 1 to 1 relationships.

5. Each class is two hours long and starts on the hour,

6. Students can attend more than one session on one day.
-> 0~many sessions on one day

7. Students do turn up early to classes.
Anyone attending 10 minutes before a class needs to be counted in the next class.
eg. 9:52am -> attending for 10am ~ 12pm lecture.

8. CFF students currently dont have Ara ID cards. In the ideal case they would be
able to use their ID card. In the short term, they may need to be provided with an
RFIT tag/card that does not have their student ID number as the code number of the
card
-> So we dont recognise student with their ID, we use card ID and allocate to students
